Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's so cold outside.
What were you doing?
I kept calling you. Don’t you
know how to answer the phone?
Sugar cane. Put this away.
This too.
God is Truth.
-God is Truth.
I hope you got him ready!
Where are you from?
…and then when the
congregation comes in.
they will come this way through this room.
bow down here.
Parminder.
oh my good boy. my Parmi.
I haven’t slept. I just want to
host the prayers here. for your father!
We are here to help. Auntie.
Sandy. my wise girl.
Auntie. can’t we do this
prayer at the temple?
No. no. no my boy. no!
My brother needs to hear
the Guru’s pure words.
continuously for three days.
Auntie. drink water.
Manjit. Manjit. girl.
my good girl. listen to me.
God is Truth. God is Truth.
It’s ok. It’s ok.
Oh. my sweet boy!
May you live well. stay well.
have a long. long life.
Go.
You go. too. my good girl.
You are a wise girl. Go. Go!
What are you still doing here?
Go. go.
God is Truth.
Priest. quickly. before Mona returns.
let’s start the prayers!
Then what can they do after that?
First. let’s move everything.
Pick up that table.
Priest. don’t spill my water.
Okay. take this table over there.
Pick up the cushions. Here. I will pass
them to you. Here you go.
Where did you all go?
We went to a restaurant.
What’s wrong with her?
Why is she falling everywhere?
Well. then keep going to
restaurants to eat. why don’t you!
Auntie. shall I make us some tea?
With a bit of ginger?
Ok. three minutes.
God protect you.
Auntie. I’ll do that.
I used to always
take care of your father.
He used to remind me
of a little doll.
You remind me so much of him.
You’re such a good boy.
Girl. get married. why are you
determined to kill your father?
Cover your head.
No! Not in front of your father!
Why are you fighting
in front of your father?
Parminder. what is this
nonsense I am hearing?
Tell me. is this true?
What nonsense is this?
What is this nonsense?
What is going on here?
I don’t understand this family.
Amrit. bring him a pillow.
Poor thing. look how uncomfortable
he is. with his bare arms.
This nurse doesn’t
do anything all day!
I told them. children do the prayers.
Look. my brother is now conscious!
If we pray with a pure heart.
God will always hear us.
See. he heard me.